I know you're eager to start programming, but just give me a minute so I can explain why Python is
the best programming language you can learn and how we're going to make it super easy for you to learn
in this class.
The main advantage is that Python is classified as a high level language, and this means that its instructions
are close as possible to human language, which makes it easier to learn and ideal for people who are
just starting out in the world of programming.
However, just because it is easier to learn does not mean that it is less powerful.
Quite the opposite.
In Python you can perform tasks with a few lines of code while in other programming languages.
This would take hundreds of lines.
This enables your productivity to go up.
On the other hand, it is one of the most versatile programming languages that exists and can be used
in a variety of fields.
In other words, it allows you to program from video games to websites and mobile applications and much,
much more.
In addition to all this, there is a large community behind Python, which means that there are a multitude
of libraries.
This would mean blocks of code that are available for you to use in your programs to do almost anything.
This means you can take them and solve more complex issues that are not relevant to your project.
You simply use the libraries and move on.
As I told you, Python was created to make its code readable, to be as close as possible to the human
language.
That's why I will help you learn it smoothly and to make it feel natural, like having a daily conversation.
But with your machine, then writing or reading Python will be something super logical and understandable
for you at the end of this course.
I hope you are ready and as motivated as I am, because in the next few minutes you will actually begin
programming.